>> Maximiliano Firtman: What
if we wanna create an API now?
So now, we are also mobile developers.
So we have a native mobile app
that wanna talk to our API, or
we are a React developer.
I wanna do a client-side
version of the app.
We are not going to do
the client-side version, but
we can maybe want to offer the API.
Okay, and this case is an API
that is consuming other API,
but anyway,
what's an API from a PHP point of view?
It's just another PHP file.
So we can call this api.php,
okay, that is going to be php,
that it's going to use the same
CryptoConverter class.
Maybe we wanna get the value,
let's say the code from GET
now instead of from post,
just to do something different.
Let's call it code, and then,
we can say maybe we receive the amount or
maybe not we use 1,
doesn't matter, and
then we need to call CryptoConverter.
How do you call CryptoConverter from here?
Should I create a converter like that?
New CryptoConverter, will it work?
What do I need?
Why is it complaining?
>> Speaker 1: You need to include it.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: I
need to include it.
So I can include the file directly.
Remember, we already created
a classes.php that will include all
the rest that we want.
Now it's complaining because it
needs a code as an argument, okay?
So, and then, it's an API, so
I just wanna return a JSON.
Can I do just this?
I will return a JSON that has the rate,
the current rate,
and the current rate will be, actually,
we need to get the value,
the rate of Bitcoin or
let's say rate in USD to understand
better what I'm talking about.
It's a converter and we will say I wanna
convert, and I won't pass any argument,
will give me an error, but maybe we can
do is create a 1 as a default value.
So if I don't parse a value it's 1,
1 Bitcoin.
Does it make sense?
So that's the default value.
You can add spaces or not, it's up to you.
So now I can just say I wanna adjust
the rate and the rate will be rate in USD,
I closed this, like that,
I think it's fine.
I'm writing a JSON manually,
actually, I don't need to do that.
I can also create an object and
then parse it with JSON decode,
okay, but the chat will show
you something different.
It's just that.
So, pretty simple.
Okay, a couple of lines.
I'm not done yet, so
if you're writing, give me a sec.
So, if I try this, I'm getting error here.
Line 4, it says, you don't have a code.
Yeah, you're right.
I didn't parse the code in the GET.
What if we want a default 1?
So, if you don't parse a code,
I want bitcoin.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Okay,
I will show you two ways to do that.
Do you understand what I want you to do?
First, I can check if,
>> Maximiliano Firtman: The code is
not set, so I will check if it's set or
if it's not set,
wherever you prefer, there.
I will say that code = BTC.
By the way, if you pay attention,
I'm using a lot of double quotes.
I don't need them there,
I can use single quotes.
Okay, so remember that, if not,
I will use the other thing.
Okay, it's complaining.
Why it's complaining?
Let's see if someone realized
quickly what's going on.
It's complaining here.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: What?
It's a simple answer but
yeah I went-
>> Speaker 2: Semicolon?
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Semicolon,
yeah, I'm missing the semicolon.
Now remember, okay, so
this is one way, okay?
It's okay, it's fine, but
I will show you a better one.
So now I will refresh, and
now it's giving me the right, BTC.
If I add another code, ETH,
it's giving me a different rate.
Now, it works, okay, pretty cool.
I mean, it's fine, it's working but
this is kind of old code.
We have better operators these days
to work with nulls and optionals.
There is a new operator,
this is new in PHP, by the way,
it's also available in JavaScript,
also these days.
You can say, you know what?
I wanna get the code from here,
but if there is no code there,
I wanna default one.
And for that, you use this operator,
double question mark.
So you don't need the, if.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: I mean,
it's the same, but it's maybe cleaner.
So this will actually check.
It will use this value, unless it's null,
and if it's null, is gonna use this one.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: That's the idea,
okay?
Okay, I think it's cool.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Also, what if you,
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Let's
say this converter is not there and
you're getting this converter.
I mean, I'm showing you this quickly.
We're not going to try it, just for
you to understand something.
We are getting the converter for
somewhere else, okay?
Someone else, another file, I don't know
where it's giving me a converter, but
what if it's null?
If it's null,
I cannot execute a method on a null,
it's going to give me an error,
an exception.
Well, now there is a way to do this.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: It's ?->,
that means if we have an object here call
this method, if not just continue or
it will return no,
okay, but
it will not generate an exception.
This is called the safe call operator.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Okay,
so how mine is there.
So for those of you complaining about PHP
because you need to write a lot of code,
check about these new operators that
we have because probably it has to do
with that.
So a few years ago we didn't
have this operator, so
yeah you have to make a lot
of if all the time, okay?
Well now you have these
operators that are better.